a). On branch master
Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'.

nothing to commit, working tree clean

b). 10 commits have been total so far
	- The command used was: git log

c). Date:   Wed Sep 25 18:13:30 2019 -0400
	- The command used was: git log --follow .gitignore

d). 1) Branching is helpful so that way you can work on seperate versions of a
       repository at once.
    2) It's also helpful so that way you can simultaneously try out different
       features with a project without affecting the master until your ready 
       to do so.

e)  Git log is used to list the version history of a given branch while git
    status list all the files that have to be committed.
	  
f)  The command used: git log -- Vehicle.h

g)  The command used: git log --grep="file"

h)  Inheritance is a relationship where there is a base class and derived
    class. The derived class "is a" instance of the derived class and
    inherits all the base class features as well as additional features 
    specific to the inheritance class. Polymorphism is when you have different
    classes but use the same function with the same name but with different 
    implementations. Encapsulation is where you hide data members from the
    public so they can't access it directly.

i) Integration manager workflow is where each developer pushes to their own
   public repository then a integration manager deals with the conflict 
   resolution. Dictator and lieutenants workflow is where developers push to
   assigned lieutenants repository and solves some conflicts. Then the dicator
   repository merges changes in from the lieutenant repositories and also
   solves conflicts. Only the dicator can push to centralized repository.

j)  The Dictator and Lieutenants workflow would be more beneficial because 
    there would be a decentralized command which would lead to smaller 
    groups which is more easier to manage overall.

5)  The driving simulator prototype is using both polymorphism and 
    encapsulation. An example of polymorphism is the toString function and 
    how it differs in each of the classes. An example of encapsulation
    is the private member data numberOfEngines in the class Jet and how the
    user can't access this member data directly.
